Update snowflake-setup.md (#2786)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/warehouse-setups/snowflake-setup.md

| retry_on_database_errors | No | A boolean flag indicating whether to retry after encountering errors of type [snowflake.connector.errors.DatabaseError](https://github.com/snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-python/blob/ffdd6b3339aa71885878d047141fe9a77c4a4ae3/src/snowflake/connector/errors.py#L361-L364) |
| connect_retries | No | The number of times to retry after an unsuccessful connection |
| connect_timeout | No | The number of seconds to sleep between failed connection retries |

> | release_connection | No | Drop and reestablish connections to Snowflake for each. |

Reviewer: Worth adding the default setting here so users can know where to opt-in or opt-out

Author: Agreed, and Jerco suggested because we should have things default to False I'll have to rename the param. Will do that before flipping this PR from draft to ready for review PR.

> | release_connection | No | Drop and reestablish connections to Snowflake for each . |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| release_connection | No | Drop and reestablish connections to Snowflake for each. |
```

> | reuse_connections | No | A boolean flag indicating whether to reuse idle connections to help reduce total connections opened. Default: False |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| reuse_connections | No | A boolean flag indicating whether to reuse idle connections to help reduce total connections opened. Default is `False`. |
```

> | reuse_connections | No | A boolean flag indicating whether to close connections after node execution or to reduce total connections opened by reusing idle ones. Default: False |

Reviewer: suggestion: `A boolean flag indicating whether to reuse idle connections to help reduce total connections opened`

parameter that can be quite useful later on when searching in the [QUERY_HISTORY view](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage/query_history.html).

### reuse_connections

> During node (e.g. model, test) execution, dbt opens connections against a Snowflake warehouse. Setting this config to `True` reduces execution time by verifying credentials only once for each thread.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
During node execution (such as model and test), dbt opens connections against a Snowflake warehouse. Setting this configuration to `True` reduces execution time by verifying credentials only once for each thread.
```

Reviewer 3: sugg: per style guide on [latin abbreviations](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#latin-abbreviations)
